PMM-12673 Protobuf linters (#2612)
percona/pmm: docs/managed/update-process.md

## Update process

> Update of PMM Server which includes `managed` and other components is triggered by sending a [StartUpdate](https://github.com/percona/pmm/blob/PMM-12673-protobuf-linters/api/server/v1/server.proto#L260) message.

Author: I will change it later to something else (commin or `v3` branch) because current commit also won't exist after merge (squash)

> Update of PMM Server which includes `managed` and other components is triggered by sending a [StartUpdate](https://github.com/percona/pmm/blob/6761010b8b30042936c58c022752f6b57581afee/api/server/server.proto#L325) message.

Reviewer: That URL is a 404.

Author: Let's put link to my branch for now

```suggestion
Update of PMM Server which includes `managed` and other components is triggered by sending a [StartUpdate](https://github.com/percona/pmm/blob/PMM-12673-protobuf-linters/api/server/v1/server.proto#L260) message.
```
